Jaden:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX."
THIS IS IT.
I CAN FEEL IT.
YUBEL'S INSIDE
AND SO IS JESSE!
Yubel: IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE
THAT AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
I'M FINALLY GOING TO BE
ABLE TO PAY JADEN BACK FOR
ABANDONING ME LIKE HE DID.
Adrian:
WELCOME BACK, YUBEL.
I'M NOT IN
YOUR CHAIR, AM I?
ADRIAN.
NOW THAT YOU CONTROL
THE POWER OF EXODIA,
WHAT DO YOU HOPE TO DO?
I'LL DESTROY YOU,
AND WITH YOU GONE,
I WILL RULE
THIS DIMENSION!
LET'S DUEL!
TO MY FIELD
I WILL NOW SUMMON
EXODIOS, THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD!
HUH?
FROM THE PIT OF MADNESS
I CALL ON
CHAOS PHANTASM ARMITYLE!
[ROAR]
WHAT?! THE ULTIMATE
SACRED BEAST.
GO PHANTOM OF FURY!
[ROAR]
ARMITYLE REMOVES ALL OTHER
MONSTERS FROM PLAY,
SO SAY ADIOS
TO EXODIOS.
HUH?
NOW WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO?
YOU HAVE NO WAY
OF SUMMONING EXODIA.
HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HA HA HA!
WITH EXODIOS DESTROYED,
YOU'RE FINISHED!
WE'LL SEE!
MY MOVE!
DOES HE ACTUALLY THINK
HE HAS A CHANCE?!
I'M PLAYING FOG CASTLE!
AND WITH THIS FIELD
SPELL MY REIGN AS KING
WILL SOON BEGIN.
AND YOURS
WILL BE FINISHED!
AND TO ENSURE
YOUR COLLAPSE,
I ACTIVATE MY CASTLE'S
FIVE TOWERS!
I'LL TURN THOSE INTO RUBBLE!
DON'T THINK SO!
ESPECIALLY NOT WITH MY
FOG KING ON THE WATCH!
YOU SEE, THANKS TO
MY FOG CASTLE
I CAN SUMMON HIM
WITHOUT HAVING TO
MAKE ANY SACRIFICES!
NEXT UP..
I EQUIP HIM WITH
HIS ROYAL SWORD!
NOW, AS LONG AS
HE'S HOLDIN' ON
TO THAT SWORD,
WHENEVER MY FOG KING
FINISHES AN ATTACK,
HE IS AWARDED
ONE CREST COUNTER!
[ROAR]
NOW ARMITYLE, TIME TO
FEEL MY KING'S STEEL!
BUT BEFORE HE STRIKES,
I ACTIVATE HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW WHEN MY KING
GOES TO WAR,
BOTH MONSTERS
ENGAGING IN BATTLE
HAVE THEIR ATTACK POINTS
REDUCED TO ONE!
HUH. SO BOTH OF OUR MONSTERS
WILL BATTLE TO A DRAW?
BUT REMEMBER,
ARMITYLE
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE!
BUT YOUR FOG KING SURE CAN!
OH, REALLY?
HUH?
[ROAR]
HA HA HA.
HUH? HE WASN'T
DESTROYED?!
HUH. NO, HE WASN'T!
BUT WHY?!
MY FIELD SPELL
PROTECTED HIM!
YOU SEE, YUBEL,
THE FIVE TOWERS
ARE CONSIDERED
MONSTER CARD ZONES,
WHICH MEANS, BY MOVING
MY KING TO A NEW TOWER
HE'S SAVED,
BUT THE FORMER TOWER
IS OFF LIMITS.
ADRIAN, THIS FOG
MUST HAVE YOU CONFUSED.
YOU JUST REDUCED THE NUMBER
OF MONSTERS YOU CAN PLAY
FOR A KING WHO HAS
ONE ATTACK POINT.
AND THIS...
ANOTHER SPECIAL ABILITY!
HUH?
[ROAR]
WHERE'D MY MONSTER
DISAPPEAR TO?!
IT'S BEEN DESTROYED!
WHEN MY FOG KING
ATTACKS ANOTHER MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER'S SPECIAL
ABILITIES ARE NEGATED!
YOU CAN'T!
YES, I CAN,
AND NOW MY KING GAINS
ANOTHER CREST COUNTER.
AND FOR EACH ONE ADDED,
HE GAINS 800 POINTS.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
HMM, I MUST ADMIT
THAT I'M IMPRESSED WITH
YOUR DUELING SKILLS, ADRIAN,
'CAUSE HERE I WAS THINKING
THAT YOU WOULD BE LITTLE
MORE THAN A WARMUP
FOR JADEN.
SILLY ME.
I SHOULD GET MY GAME ON
OR I'LL BE DETHRONED.
HEH HEH HEH!
DO NOT MOCK MY POWER!
SO SORRY,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
PLEASE FORGIVE ME
FOR THIS!
I SUMMON ILLUSION BRIGADIER!
[ROAR]
MY KING NEGATES
ITS EFFECT.
YES, I KNOW.
AND THAT'S WHY
IT'S GOING TO ATTACK!
TAKE DOWN HIS TOWER!
NOW, I MAY LOSE
A MONSTER CARD ZONE,
BUT MY KING SURVIVES!
AND YOU STILL TAKE
THE DAMAGE!
ARGH.
IT'S WORTH THE PAIN
'CAUSE HE GAINS
ANOTHER CREST
AND 800 MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
AND WITH TWO ADDITIONAL
CREST COUNTERS,
MY KING WILL HAVE
ALL FOUR,
AND WHEN I SEND HIM
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU LOSE 4,000
LIFE POINTS,
WHICH MEANS IT'LL BE
GAME OVER FOR YOU
AND YOUR RULE!
FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
YOU DON'T NEED EXODIA,
SO TELL ME, WAS IT
REALLY ALL WORTH IT?
SACRIFICING ECHO FOR HIM?
I MEAN, TO DO ALL THAT,
THEN NOT HAVE TO USE HIM.
I'M GLAD TO SEE YOU DO HAVE
A DARKNESS IN YOUR HEART.
AND THAT DARKNESS
WILL HELP ME WIN THIS DUEL!
HMM...
I THINK WE'RE HERE!
I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT,
BUT I CAN SENSE YUBEL'S INSIDE,
WHICH MEAN'S JESSE'S
IN THERE AS WELL!
Crawler: REALLY?
I DON'T THINK ANYONE'S HOME.
[GASPS]
THEN AGAIN...
JADEN,
YOU DON'T REALLY
NEED ME,
SO I'LL WAIT HERE!
OKAY, PROFESSOR.
THIS IS MY DUEL TO FIGHT.
WISH ME LUCK.
GOOD LUCK!
Ojama Yellow:
UH, SYRUS?
HOLD ON!
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU'D ALL LEAVE ME!
[CLATTER]
HUH?
[OJAMA YELLOW WHIMPERING]
Crawler:
WHERE'S THE DOOR?!
Syrus: WHAT NOW?
SO DO WE
JUMP DOWN?
NO.
WE LET YUBEL KNOW
WE'RE HERE!
YO, YUBEL,
GUESS WHO!
NOW SHOW YOURSELF!
OH...
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
UH-OH,
WHAT ARE THOSE THINGS?
OH! AH!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!
[GROANING]
HANG ON, JADEN.
HA HA!
WHAT ARE THESE?
MEMORY BUBBLES?!
THERE'S ANOTHER.
IT'S WHEN I WAS A KID.
HEY, I WAS CUTE!
ALL RIGHT,
HERE GOES.
DRAW!
I PLAY YUBEL!
AND THAT'S WHEN THEY
SENT MY WINNING DESIGN
FOR NEOS INTO SPACE
TO BE INFUSED WITH
THAT SPECIAL COSMIC MATTER!
I REMEMBER ASKING THEM
TO SEND YUBEL UP AS WELL,
HOPING THAT THAT SAME COSMIC
MATTER WOULD MAKE HER SAFE
TO USE AGAIN.
SO IS THAT WHAT'S CAUSING
ALL OF THIS?
THE ALTERNATE DIMENSIONS?
THE LOSS OF MY FRIENDS?
IS IT ALL BECAUSE OF
WHAT I DID TO THAT CARD?!
Syrus:
JADEN?
JADEN!
HUH?
LOOK!
THERE!
WOW!
IT'S A BRIDGE!
IT'S PURPLE!
THAT MEANS FRIENDLY...
RIGHT?
OJAMA, SOMETHING TELLS ME
YOU'RE WAY OFF.
SO, WHERE WERE WE?
OH, YES, I REMEMBER NOW.
WE WERE DISCUSSING
HOW THE DARKNESS IN YOU
IS THE KEY TO MY VICTORY.
I WONDER HOW ECHO WOULD FEEL
KNOWING THAT THE KEY TO
UNLOCKING YOUR REIGN
WOULD BE THE SAME KEY
THAT SEALS YOUR FATE.
IT'S QUITE TRAGIC,
ISN'T IT!
BUT WHAT'S WORSE
IS THAT IN THE END, YOU TOOK
ADVANTAGE OF HER FEELINGS.
YOU SENT HER TO THE STARS,
JUST AS I WAS.
YOU SEE, WE BOTH
WERE BETRAYED
BY OUR CLOSEST FRIENDS.
HOW COULD YOU, JADEN?
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT,
YUBEL?!
WHAT DID HE DO?
[CHUCKLING]
[GASPS]
HE LEFT ME
ALL ALONE,
AND SO NOW
HE'S GOING TO SUFFER FOR
ALL THE WRONG THAT HE DID TO ME
AFTER THE DARKNESS IN YOU
RESTORES MY POWER!
[LAUGHTER]
Syrus: ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS A GOOD IDEA?
Jaden: NOPE!
[LAUGHTER]
[ECHOING]
YUBEL.
[ROAR]
THIS ENDS HERE AND NOW!
FOG KING, IT'S TIME.
ATTACK HIS BRIGADIER
AND GIVE HIM
THE ROYAL TREATMENT.
[ROARING]
AH!
ARGH!
NOW HE GETS ONE MORE
CREST COUNTER
AND 800 MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
AND NEXT I'LL
LAY DOWN 3 FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
[GRUNTING]
[GROAN]
LOOK AT YOU KNEELING
TO ME ALREADY.
SO, TELL ME,
YOU FEELING ALL RIGHT,
'CAUSE YOU LOOK
A BIT WINDED.
JUST WAIT.
BEFORE LONG, THE DARKNESS
IN YOU WILL GIVE ME
ALL THE POWER I NEED.
ADRIAN, YOU ARE THE KEY
TO MY REVENGE.
YOU GIVE ME STRENGTH.
I GIVE YOU NOTHING!
HA HA!
YOU CAN'T HELP IT.
YOUR EMOTIONS
WILL DESTROY YOU.
YOU POOR THING,
THE VERY DARKNESS YOU
ALLOWED TO ENVELOP YOUR HEART
WHEN YOU OBTAINED EXODIA
IS THE SAME POWER
THAT WILL END YOUR CHANCES
OF RULING THIS WORLD!
HA HA!
AND SOON, I'LL BEAT JADEN!
ALL RIGHT, THEN, MY MOVE!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
AKASHIC RECORD!
WITH THIS,
I DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
AND IF THEY'VE BEEN USED,
I HAVE TO REMOVE THEM
FROM THE GAME.
FORTUNATELY
THESE ARE ALL NEW!
AND NOW I PLAY THE SPELL
NIGHTMARE SHUFFLE!
WITH THIS I SELECT ONE RANDOM
CARD THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I PLACE THE CARD
I CHOSE FACEDOWN.
THEN WHEN IT'S
MY TURN AGAIN,
I HAVE TO PLAY THAT FACEDOWN
AND START THE PROCESS ALL OVER.
SOUNDS SIMPLE ENOUGH
BUT HERE'S THE SCARY PART.
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF NIGHTMARE SHUFFLE,
NEXT ROUND, WHEN I HAVE TO
ACTIVATE THAT FACEDOWN CARD,
IF I DON'T MEET
ITS REQUIREMENTS,
THEN ALL THE CARDS IN MY HAND
AND ON MY FIELD ALL GET SENT
TO THE GRAVE!
SO IT'S ALL OR NOTHING
THEN.
WHICH IS ONLY WAY
I KNOW HOW TO DUEL.
YOU HAVE TO LIVE LIFE
TO THE FULLEST!
HA HA!
OR IN YOUR CASE,
THE DARKEST.
I HAVE TO KNOW
WHAT YOU FELT
WHEN THE LAST OF ECHO'S DUEL
ENERGY WAS FINALLY ABSORBED.
WERE YOU PROUD OF THE FACT
THAT YOU WERE FINALLY ABLE
TO EMBRACE YOUR SELFISH
DESIRES FOR POWER?
LETTING THE DARKNESS
OUT OF YOUR HEART
MUST HAVE BEEN
AN AWE-SHATTERING MOMENT.
DID IT FEEL GOOD USING YOUR
FRIEND AS A MEANS TO AN END?
SHOW ME THE DARKNESS
IN YOUR HEART.
ALLOW ME A GLIMPSE
OF THE POWER
THAT WILL RESTORE ME
TO MY FULL STRENGTH.
[MANIACAL LAUGHTER]
AH...
WHAT'S THIS?
NO!
THE DARKNESS, IT'S GONE!
THAT'S BECAUSE I NEVER
ALLOWED IT TO TAKE HOLD
OF ME.
BUT HOW?!
YOU SEE, YUBEL,
EVERYTHING I DID
WAS TO CREATE A WORLD
VOID OF PAIN
AND SUFFERING,
A SAFE WORLD WHERE
DARKNESS CAN'T EXIST!
[GRUNTS]
IMPOSSIBLE!
THIS DREAM OF YOURS
IS NOTHING
BUT COMPLETE NONSENSE!
IT IS THE DREAM OF A FOOL,
NOT A KING!
AND NOW I AM GOING
TO SEE TO IT
THAT MY VISION BECOMES
YOUR NIGHTMARE, DEAR ADRIAN!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
YOUR POWER...
AND EVEN YOUR PRECIOUS EXODIA
CANNOT HELP YOU WIN!
THIS WORLD WILL
NEVER BE YOURS,
AND I AIM TO SEE TO THAT
RIGHT NOW!
PREPARE TO WITNESS THE POWER
THAT YOU SO STUPIDLY
TURNED AWAY!
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
YOU'VE WASTED
TOO MUCH OF MY TIME!
I PLAY GRAVE SQUIRMER!
NOW PUT AN END
TO HIS FOG KING!
[ROARS]
I KNOW, I KNOW.
ZERO ATTACK POINTS.
[ROAR]
[GRUNTING]
NOW HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES.
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
MY FOG KING NEGATES IT.
YOU ARE DEAD WRONG!
'CAUSE THAT ABILITY WORKS
ONLY ON ANY CREATURES
THAT ARE ALIVE AND KICKING.
AND MY GRAVESQUIRMER IS MOST
CERTAINLY NEITHER OF THOSE.
AND WITH HIM IN MY GRAVEYARD,
ADRIAN, I'LL SEARCH THE FIELD
AND DESTROY ONE CARD,
AND I CHOSE YOUR ROYAL SWORD!
I REVEAL MY FACEDOWN:
THE TRAP CREST BURN!
AND I THINK
YOU'LL LIKE IT.
'CAUSE FOR EVERY CREST
COUNTER, ONE OF MY
CASTLE TOWERS IS...
HOW SHOULD I SAY...
PUT OUT OF COMMISSION.
WAIT A SEC!
BUT WITH THAT MOVE,
YOUR MONSTER ZONES ARE--
ALL USED UP!
EXACTLY.
INTERESTING...
IT'S YOUR TURN, NOT THAT
YOU CAN DO ANYTHING.
WE'LL SEE.
HUH?
SO, YOU READY?
FOR THE END?!
NOW I'LL SEND
MY FOG CASTLE STRAIGHT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND WHEN I DISCARD ALL
THE CARDS IN MY HAND...
I GET FOUR CARDS
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
EXODIA ANYONE?
EXODIA WILL SOON BE
COMPLETED AND THIS DUEL
WILL BE MINE!
BUT I...
I STOPPED IT!
YOU MERELY DELAYED
ITS ARRIVAL!
NOW I SEND MY FOG CASTLE
TO THE GRAVE,
AS WELL AS THE ONLY CARD
IN MY HAND.
THIS CAN'T BE!
YES, IT CAN!
AND IT IS!
YOUR END STARTS NOW!
SO WITH THE POWER OF
EXODIA AND THE SPIRIT...
OF ECHO BY MY SIDE,
I WILL CORRECT
THE WRONGS OF MY PAST!
NOW I PLAY
MY FACEDOWN...
BREAK THE SEAL!
AH!
SO IF I SEND THIS
FACEDOWN I JUST PLAYED,
AND A SECOND BREAK THE SEAL
TRAP CARD TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN REMOVE ANOTHER
FORBIDDEN ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK...
AND ADD IT STRAIGHT
TO MY HAND!
AND THAT'LL BE
GAME OVER!
NOTHING'S OVER!
I ACTIVATE NIGHTMARE
SHUFFLE'S EFFECT!
NOW I REVEAL MY FACEDOWN
AND HOPE I CAN PLAY IT!
HUH.
AND I CAN!
SO NOW I PLAY: THE SPELL
HAND OF DESTRUCTION!
NOW WE BOTH HAVE TO SEND
FOUR CARDS
FROM OUR HANDS
TO OUR GRAVES!
HA HA!
[GROANING]
HUH.
SO MUCH FOR YOUR...
EXODIA!
I WOULDN'T GET
TOO COCKY
'CAUSE I GET TO DRAW
FOUR MORE CARDS!
I'M NOT COCKY,
I'M CONFIDENT!
YOU'VE PLAYED
A GOOD GAME SO FAR.
BUT IT'S TIME
THAT WE ENDED THIS.
I PLAY FEATHER
OF THE PHOENIX!
I TAKE A CARD
FROM MY GRAVE,
AND THEN I PLACE IT
ON TOP OF MY DECK.
WHAT?!
HUH.
AND I'M SURE YOU CAN
IMAGINE WHICH CARD
IT'S GOING TO BE!
ONCE I PLACE
THIS FACEDOWN,
I'LL BE ABLE TO DRAW
EXODIA NEXT ROUND!
AND WITH THAT I'M DONE.
YOU'RE UP.
HUH.
THERE'S AN AURA TO THAT CARD.
THAT'S IT!
THE DARKNESS I NEED
ISN'T IN HIM, IT'S IN ECHO!
AFTER SHE SACRIFICED
HER DUEL ENERGY
TO ENSURE ADRIAN WOULD BECOME
KING AND RULE THIS WORLD,
HER SPIRIT MUST HAVE FUSED
WITH HIS DECK.
AND NOW THAT I HAVE THREATENED
TO END HIS DREAM AND HERS,
IT IS ECHO'S ANGER AND DARKNESS
THAT WILL RESTORE MY POWER!
ADRIAN...
THIS MATCH...
IS ALL BUT FINISHED!
[GROWLING]
AH!
WITH TWO TORCH
TOKENS SUMMONED,
TORCH GOLEM IS
THEN CALLED OUT
AND SENT OVER TO
YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD...
SO HE'S NOW
YOURS TO COMMAND!
BUT WAIT!
[GROWLS]
AND NOW I SACRIFICE
MY TOKENS TO SUMMON OUT
THE POWER OF YUBEL!
HUH? YUBEL?!
MY TRUE FORM.
AND WITH THIS...
MY POWER
WILL BE RESTORED!
[LAUGHING]
[GROANING]
MY FACEDOWN!
HUH?
ECHO?!
ADRIAN,
YOU LET THE DARKNESS GO,
BUT SHE HAS NOT!
SHE WILL BE THE SOURCE I USE
TO REGAIN MY STRENGTH!
NO!
GO ON...
EMBRACE YOUR HATE.
NOW LET IT CONSUME YOU!
ATTACK!
AH!
[GROWLING]
AAH!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
[LAUGHING]
[GROWLING]
AAH!
ECHOOOOO!
ALL OF THE DAMAGE I TAKE
IS DEALT TO YOU.
IT'S OVER, ADRIAN.
AAH!
ECHO!
I'M SORRY...
HA HA!
NOW YOU AND ECHO
CAN BE TOGETHER FOREVER.
JUST LIKE SHE ALWAYS HOPED
AND DREAMED IT WOULD BE!
I'M SORRY...
[GROANS]
SO SORRY!
[CHUCKLES]
THANKS SO MUCH, ECHO!
AHHHH, ALL MY STRENGTH
HAS FINALLY RETURNED.
NOW I WAIT...
FOR JADEN!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOTTA LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪